https://www.justonecookbook.com/custard-pudding/
For me this fills 5 8 oz ramekins

Caramel:
70g sugar
2 tbsp water room temp
1 tbsp water (boiling/very hot)

Custard:
400 ml whole milk
100 ml heavy cream
1/2 tsp vanilla extract
3 eggs 
70g sugar

bain marie:
3-4 cups of boiling water

preheat oven to 300 degrees fahrenheit
put proper number of ramekins in a roasting pan for bain marie.

making the caramel:
add the sugar and the room temp water to a saucepan. Use stainless steel, not nonstick. Maybe copper is okay.
Turn heat to medium low, let sugar dissolve
YOU WILL NEVER STIR THIS. you can sometimes swirl the pot/tilt it but you dont need to do that very often. 
No moving pan until the sugar is liquid
increase heat to medium/medium high when dissolved
once caramel is nice amber color (careful, it can burn easily. start staring when it starts to turn brown) remove from heat.
add a tiny bit of the boiling water to caramel. Pot will sputter. Add rest, swirl saucepan to combine.
Pour equal parts on bottom of each ramekin.
Caramel will harden in ramekin -- will melt in oven.

Making the custard:
Mix the whole milk, cream, and vanilla extract in a dif sauce pan. heat on medium/medium low until just before boiling.
while that heats, mix eggs with sugar in a mixing bowl.
When the milk mixture is hot enough (should be bubbles on edges of where it meets the pot) remove from heat.
temper eggs with custard (pour bit by bit and mix. easier with another person helping)
Once fully mixed with your eggs not scrambled, pour custard mixture through a sieve into a pyrex measuring/pouring cup.
pour equal parts of the sieved custard into ramekins.
can pop air bubbles with chopstick, toothpick, or use a lighter to quickly pop bubbles. careful as you can burn ramekins (oops).

Baking:
pour the boiling water into your roasting pan. Water should reach halfway up the ramekins.
bake for 45-60 minutes. will vary based off of oven + ramekin thickness + ramekin size
Start checking every 5-10 minutes at 45 minute mark. You will know when done because if you pick up and tilt the ramekin the pudding will be thick and jiggly but NOT a liquid. it should not pour out.

cool on wire rack
refrigerate like 2-4 hours, preferably overnight. youre done!

