https://redhousespice.com/lu-rou-fan/

1 LB of skin on pork belly (buy in a chunk and cut it yourself) I cut them into tall rectangular strips, about .25-.5 inches thick. I do not thin out the pork belly.
3-4 Shallots (140g)
5 cloves of garlic (I just used a few spoonfuls of preminced/crushed garlic)
20g rock sugar (1 tbsp white sugar), i just used a few things of rock sugar
2 tbsp light soy sauce
1 tbsp dark soy sauce
2 tbsp shaoxing wine/sherry
.5 teaspoons five spice powder
.5 tsp ground white pepper
5 dried shiitake mushrooms (rehydrate for about an hour, whole) Add to bowl and fill to top. Once rehydrated, chop up the shiitake mushrooms into tiny cubes. 
MAKE SURE YOU SAVE THE WATER FROM THE MUSHROOMS
4-6 hard boiled eggs

Fried shallots:
fry your own if not using store bought pre fried.

Chop shallots thinly. do not cube. 

Look up a recipe for how to do fried shallots if you havent 
heat oil in frying pan on medium~ heat. Use cheap oil.
add a piece of shallot, wait for it to start making abunch of bubbles
after like 5-8 minutes your shallots will be done, you want to remove them when they're brown. They will cook for a bit once you remove them so take them out earlier rather than later
set aside

Dish proper:
make sure youve already chopped your shallots, garlic, any vegetables you want to blanch, and shitake mushrooms before you chop your meat.

Hard boil your eggs.

Bring a pot to medium heat, brown pork belly without oil. Should render some fat from this too.

once pork belly browned add sugar and garlic
once garlic starts to cook and sugar is mostly gone add:
-light soy sauce
-dark soy sauce
-Sherry/rice wine
-five spice powder
-white pepper
-fried shallots (you can keep some for topping, i didnt care to do so)
-hard boiled eggs( i added at the end when i did it, but recipe says to do here)
-water from shiitake mushroom
-top of pot with water until everything in the pot is covered in liquid. Don't add too much as it doesnt reduce a ton.

Bring the pot to a boil, 

simmer on low for one hour WITH THE LID ON.

Check halfway through to stir and add more water if necessary.

After 1 hour: taste your pork. Is it tender enough? if it isnt tender enough put that lid back on and check every 5-10 minutes.

if it isnt tender enough AND you need to reduce the sauce: take the lid off, turn the heat up, and reduce it while tasting pork periodically to make sure it isnt getting tough

once it's reduced and tender enough to your liking take off heat, eat over rice with blanched vegetable + topping of shallots if you want



